Over 4h delay on a 1h 45 min flight from Tunis to Barcelona. What’s more frustrating is the lack of information. No Tunisair representative knows what’s going on, what’s causing the delay, or when we will take over. Do not take this airline unless you want to be stranded.
Tunis to Lyon. Having read negative reviews, I was sceptical. However, I found the experience to be excellent. Although the plane was not new, it was clean and well presented. Boarding was organised and easy, cabin crew were very friendly and went out of their went out of their way to help. Meal was very tasty, for plane food and a gluten free option was available, even although I had not ordered one. The plane delay was busy, however, compared to many British short haul flights, pax were helpful, polite and quiet. I would not hesitate to fly them again.
Cairo to Frankfurt via Tunis. I booked flight via tripair with Tunisair to Frankfurt, the flight cancelled and gave me another flight in same day so I accepted, then it was cancelled again and gave me two days late flight. I refused this alternative, it was only 15 days before flight and prices got delay crazy and they refused to pay any compensation. In addition they sent on mail amount of refund which is less than what I payed( 233 Euro and I payed 344 euro) and I am keeping for 5 days and no clear answer how much will be the refund. Beside Tunisair is not replying at all.
Dakar to Tunis. We had low expectations when we booked Tunisair. They offer cheap fares and generous baggage allowance but you have to put up with delays - one hour and a bit in our case and a lot more - the captain allowed his children to sit in the cockpit during takeoff and landings, and the crew was only interested in catering to them and other crew's relatives, placed in three rows at the back. Allowing anyone into the cockpit is a serious security breach but unfortunately the norm at this state airline - you can imagine in case of an evacuation the crew would mainly care out their relatives. Also the AC didn't work, food was lousy and the crew generally crude but the main reason I won't be using them is the security breach. Tunisair is a loss-making state carrier controlled by labour unions which oppose reforms such as scrapping of free tickets for employees - other airlines offer similar benefits but I doubt they allow kids to take off in the cockpit. Also the captain upgraded passengers to business class after takeoff, probably his relatives or friends so why would anyone pay business class ?
"Our first flight from CAI to TUN (# 814) on Aug 31, 2017 was delayed with initially no delay notification. We were delayed for this flight in the airport for over 4 hours with no food. Once on board the plane, we did not get the vegetarian meal that we requested when booking our tickets. Upon arrival in Tunis a representative told us that our meals, a hotel and transportation to and from the hotel would be provided to us free of charge. We were denied our request for a dinner voucher (after not having eaten all day), shops were closed so we didn't eat dinner. We talked with a representative who confirmed in the computer that we had selected the vegetarian meal option when we reserved our flight but somehow the request had not gotten through the system and he was unable to correct this for our next flight because of late notice to the caterers. So we went on another flight without food. Our flight from TUN to MAD on Sep 1 was again delayed and initially, we were not told how long we would have to wait. During our long wait in Tunis airport, we were given a single meal voucher. The meal that was provided didn't have anything we could eat and it took numerous difficult conversations, and over an hour, and requests from multiple people to get something that we could eat, and only then were we given a very small serving of vegetables, far less food than the equivalent standard meal. The flight 606 from TUN to MAD was delayed, again, past the rescheduled time. No new vouchers or meals were provided. Our flight didn't end up departing until at least 5 hours after the original departure time. We have a photo of the flight announcement board showing this. On the plane, again, the vegetarian meal we had ordered was not provided. Our plan was to be picked up by our friends who drove 3 hours from Portugal but since the flight was so delayed so long, and we were not given information about the delay, even though we asked, that we arrived Madrid past midnight, they had to pay for a hotel to sleep for the night. delay We were told to wait by the customer desk at Tunisair's counter in the airport, and we waited there for an hour and no one showed up. We had to pay for a taxi into the city, struggled to find something we could eat (having eaten so little in the past days) and pay for a hotel to stay that night. We told our experience to a Tunisair representative in Madrid who said that she would take care of it if we emailed her our experience delay. We did so, and she never responded. We also emailed several other places in the organization and no one ever responded. We filed a complaint report on one of our return flights, which no one ever responded to as well. In January, I continued to make calls to speak with a person on the phone. I spent hours on different lines, being referred from one place to another with every staffer I spoke to ""not having the authority"" to do anything about it, nor able to transfer me to someone in their department who could. On January 19th I finally found an agent in your office in Montreal who said that they would be able to resolve the situation, and would respond soon. No one got back to me until I had to reach out again on Feb 26th asking about the status of the claim, and only then did the agent ask me for my home address. After weeks of continued attempts, eventually a response from customer service, addressing none of my complaints was sent."
Tunis to London. On the plus side the flight was cheap and left broadly on time. In all other ways this was a truly dismal experience. Check-in was surly to say the least and, given how empty the plane was, very slow. Tunis airport is in serious need of some TLC. It feels cramped and hot and there are remarkably few areas to sit down airside. Onboard the seats were filthy, old and disgusting. Perhaps once the blue leather might have seemed like a good idea, but not any more. The seatback table was filthy. The food, when it came, was delivered with the same surly disinterest as the rest of the service. And it was disgusting. The aircraft was kept at an uncomfortably high temperature. But most shocking was the incapacity of the crew to contain the passengers. On departure there were children in the aisles, window shades down and seats reclined. the moment we landed people were pulling things out of the overhead bins without any intervention from the crew. Baggage took ages to arrive and Tunisair operates into T4 at LHR which meant a twenty minute wait to cross the runway on the way in and a long wait to get a train back to the central area. I've flown on many airlines and I love Tunisia, but this experience was not a fitting end to our holiday.
I booked a Lyon to Tunis, Tunis to Madrid a week or so before travel and the trip was 5 days in length. About 5 day after booking, TU sent me an email about a 3 hour schedule change on the return. This was not acceptable to us and TU offered no other options. I tried cancelling the return but the LYS manager asked how could a 3 hr change effect it and that TU does not have to follow EU rules. Recommend you book on another airline.
"Tunis to Barcelona. Check in was long even with ""dedicated"" business desk. Despite online checkin you still have to get a boarding pass at the counter. No fast track possibilities for security checks / customs. Both flights were delayed (20mins and 90mins). Airplane was a bit oldish but legroom was above average. Staff is polite and available. Catering services are cheap. Overall average experience, being on time, catering and inflight entertainment could be improved."
Nice flight on Tunisair from Bologna to Tunis. Can't do online check-in so got to the airport early and got a window seat. Check-in lady was funny so that is always nice. Plane boarded on-time via bus and took off early. Flight attendants were friendly and served a nice lunch on the 1 hour 25 minute flight. Plane was Boeing 737-600 and it was old! Tray table was broken in 1/2 and the overhead lining was coming down the back of the plane. So I wasn't sure about Tunisair maintenance practices. But the flight was good and we landed on-time and bags were off quickly.
London to Tunis return, and had a very pleasant experience with Tunisair even though was expecting the worst after having read reviews. Check in at Heathrow was efficient but flight was delayed on leaving by <2 hours. The flight was not very busy but crew were really good. We were travelling with young children who fell asleep without asking one of the stewards came and put blankets on both of them. Food was very nice. The plane was old no entertainment but it was only a 2.5 hour flight. Coming back make sure you check in early as they close check in 1 hour prior to boarding. The flight was fully booked and we were given seats separately so this would have caused issues due to one of the children having sat on their own but there were some extremely good mannered gentlemen who swapped seats so that my sister and her 2 children could be sat together. All in all a very good experience and would recommend to any one who wants to travel to Tunisia. The flight was a lot better service than Thomas cook delay provide to their customers for a lower price.
Return trip from Lisbon to Beirute via Tunis. Very old aircraft, very dirty delay. On my way back flight delay, assistence at arrival very bad almost 5 hours to get a solution for the lost Tunisair connecting flight. Lost my bag, stay for the night and next day to Lisbon via Barcelona. So far I did not get my bag, and no contact so far from Tunisair. My advise do not think twice, get other airline, this one is a 'jungle'. What cames cheap, tends to get expensive.
Frankfurt to Tunis. On-line Check-in was possible through the Tunisair website. The website had issues being available at some hours of the day during that period (the TU server did not respond). Once accessed though, the procedure was fast and simple. There was no information on lounge access on the electronic boarding pass, so proceeded to the check-in area at FRA. TU Check-in area is in Zone C of Terminal 1 and is handled by AHS. When asked about lounge access, the AHS agent did not seem to know at first. I was then directed to use the Priority pass lounge located in the first floor, area C, before the security area, which is most inconvenient. The lounge was partially under construction. Very basic commodities, poor food quality - potato salad, potato soup and frankfurter sausages. Lousy internet reception of the main FRA internet access provided freely through T-mobile. only salvation was a good coffee machine. Left the lounge early to ensure I go through security and immigration procedures on time before boarding. Boarding was handled by bus (most times for TU out of FRA). Boarding was smooth, although no announcements were made to ensure boarding by zones / classes and for families with kids, rather a general announcement was made for a general boarding, of a full flight. Aircraft was a A319. Business class configuration was 2-2 with larger and seemingly more comfortable seats than economy class seats. It is a plus for this type of leg. LH and other TU flights on this leg offer a 3-3 regular economy class configurations with a blocked seat in the middle. The aircraft looked tired, dirty floors and dirty walls and panels. There is a PTV in the arm rest, which I did not try, so I am not sure if it worked. Now that catering is back to Tunisair, the meal service was good for this type of flight, with a salad (smoked salmon, mushroom), a hot offering with a selection of a beef or a seafood dish. I chose the seafood option, which was quite tasty and nice. Meal service was accompanied with a beverage service. Champagne, wines were offered. TU serves Piper Heidsieck Rosé at this time of the day. A great choice. Although the crew member was nice throughout the meal service (there was only one crew member working the Business class section of 12 passengers), she seemed to be a bit overwhelmed, forgetting requests for beverage re-fills etc. There was a single beverage service throughout the meal, until coffee. Not even another offering of water. The meal service was overall good considering the length of the flight. Overall the crew members were nice, smiling and very helpful. What ever imperfection I noted, I would attribute to a lack of training and the absence of clear direction as to how to handle a meal service. This is truly a flaw in the quality system of the airline and lack of training. Not blaming crew members as individuals. All announcements were made in Arabic and German. Nothing in English, including the safety announcements and demonstration. English should be added. Another illustration of breakdown in SOPs and lack of quality systems. This flight was overall pleasant. Tunisair has potential. Attention to cleanliness and training for inflight service is needed.
My second flight with Tunisair. I hoped it would be better than the first one but it was worse. The flight was announced with one hour delay 15 min before boarding. They knew it was delayed since the aircraft was coming from Brussels but they just annouced it 45min before departure. After boarding we had a technical issue and the crew announced first that we would be leaving in few minutes and then in 10 minutes. We waited for 1hr 20 min in the aircraft waiting. The crew just avoided being in the cabin, they didnt even offer water to the passengers. The aircraft was coming from Brussels and was dirty. I will try to avoid Tunisair.
Istanbul to Tunis with Tunisair - the check-in and boarding process at Istanbul airport was efficient. The cabin crew were not friendly and lacked courtesy. The catering is average and only 1 choice of meal. I will only fly again with Tunisair if there is no other option.
Rome to Tunis with Tunisair. The flight was scheduled at 18:50. We were at the airport at about 16:45. We checked-in without a single problem. We boarded the plane early (18:00) - the plane had personal tv screens (sadly they didn't work, but it was only a 50 min flight). The meal service started about 15 minutes after take off, there was one option, Ham with green beans with a bread roll. There was a bar service followed by hot drinks. The cabin was pretty clean, nice and well maintained. The flight was half-booked so the were quite a lot of empty rows of seats. Tunisair is a good airline and I would recommend.
"Tunis to Rome with Tunisair. First they said that the flight was on-time. Boarding was expected at 14:10 (the flight was supposed to leave at 14:40). So I wait at the gate. 10 minutes pass, 20 minutes pass, 30 minutes pass I decide to go to the gate agent and said ""Oh yeah the flight is delayed to 16:00"". It's 15:30 and the plane was not here. The plane finally arrived at 16:15 and we boarded at 16:45. We enter the plane and when boarding wad over we waited 1 hour in the plane, the crew said nothing and when we finally pushed back instead of taking-off we just waited by the runway. We finally took off at 18:40 (my flight was at 14:40) so 4 hours of delay. For a 1 hour flight there were PTV's and it was nice. The food was good. We finally landed at 20:00."
London to Tunis return. At the moment the only way to get to Tunisia is with Tunisair. We found most flight attendants to be very rude, and showed no interest in serving us. I asked for a cup of tea 5 times and was completely ignored. I tried to book a vegetarian meal without success and when I asked if they had a vegetarian meal was told curtly no! We have flown with them 4 times in six months and each time have found delay the service to be shocking. Staff should have customer care training as their attitude to work is dreadful!
I had two flights with Tunisair, from Algiers to Tunis, and a few days later to Beirut. I found them to be a legacy carrier operating as a low cost, they serve free food and drinks, but very basic and inedible most of the time.! Planes quite new and some with video on demand. On board service ok, the ground staff seemed delay to be a little lost and could not check visa requirements properly. They change flights last minute but my flights were on time, would fly them again.
Tunisair flights always delayed (last time 6 hours). Poor information and unfriendly service on ground. The Tunisair website is never updated. The food onboard flight is okay. The seats are comfortable but old. Very poor.
Tunis-LHR Economy - Tunisair check-in is awful. We were a group of seven and for a 30% occupancy they spent over an hour with three different check-in staff finding seats together. But in flight was good. Tunisair catering was on strike but the alternative meal service was rather good (no alcohol) and tasty hot lunch provided. Old seats in the cabin but very comfortable and a lot of leg room. Good cabin crew and excellent newspapers and in-flight magazine.
We flew business class on Tunisair on a business trip to Tunis and had a good flight. A319 on FRA-TUN had business class seats , the crew was always on hand and the lounge in FRA was comfortable and a good choice of food and drinks. During the flight a selection of beverages was available free of charge and the crew offered additional drinks several times. The snack was a little small for the business class price, only a sandwich and a piece of cake was served. The flight back was good also, but there were no business class seats - just economy class seating with free middle seat. The lounge in Tunis is not the most comfortable but it does its job. The crew was friendly. Only minus point here: no food due to problems at Tunis airport (we were informed at the lounge so we had some snacks there). All in all we had two good flights and would use Tunisair again.
I don't usually bother with reviews I fly so frequently worldwide so figure on average you'll get a few bad ones but felt compelled to spread the word this time. It was the first and will be the last time I would fly anywhere with this airline. Check in for both flights met with miserable uncommunicative staff who clearly don't want to be at work ancient filthy aircraft you start having serious thoughts about safety surly lazy cabin crew food offerings look so inedible you don't bother opening the plastic packaging 3.5 hour delay on return flight from Tunis to London no updates or explanations just wait wait wait at the gate in the grimy surroundings that appear to be the norm for Tunisair. Customer service is not a concept they understand.
This is not my first review on Tunis Air but since the closure of the London-Tunis flight on BA this is the only scheduled direct service from the UK right now. Departed on the TU790 on the 06th April. The flight was over 2 hours late arriving into London on the inbound so did not depart until some time after the STD. Outbound aircraft (TS-IMH) was very old (1994) and extremely dirty inside. The cabin crew were not very happy and showed this in the service or lack of during the flight delayed. Meals were simply delayed delayed delayed delayed delayed delayed delayeda piece of bread with cheese and chicken and 1 service of drinks. The most memorable part of the flight was going to the rear cabin once the food and drinks service was concluded delayed. The cabin crew (6 members) were having a wonderful time socialising with no regard or interest in the passengers delayed. The return flight that I took on the 13th April as the return leg (TU791) was operated by a much newer (2013) aeroplane (TS-IMV). However again clearly Tunis Air have either a very poor outsourced company which do the aircraft cleaning in Tunis Airport or they simply do not clean their planes in order to save costs? At least 1 cabin crew member was on board who operated the flight a week earlier. Unfortunately again the service was a complete repeat of the earlier flight. Tunis Air are under increasing pressure I am informed to delay perform as an airline who frankly have not for some time. However if this is an indication of the measures they are taking to improve the service then I do not hold much hope for the airline going forward and once EZY delay start their service from STN-MIR in June I will be switching my business to them.
Heathrow-Tunis-Heathrow. Outward the plane was on time delayed. The staff did not manage one smile between them. The food was appalling (no starter just chicken and couscous plus an industrial bit of cake) the wine had run out and there was only one beer left. Return flight was worse delayed. Cabin crew still could not muster a smile. Flight was delayed over 45 minutes because of late passengers so we missed our coach connection from Heathrow. There was no food at all because we were told once on board there was a caterer's strike. Since they knew there was a strike why did they not make other arrangements? Why didn't they give passengers vouchers to buy food at the terminal? Why did they not even tell passengers at check-in there would be no food then we could have bought our own? Truly a bad airline.
Tunis-Amsterdam TU 638 23/12/2014. Very good no frills airline. Mostly on time. Apparently with delays on some airports like LHR might be a UK problem. Decent food. Nice personnel. I like that one pays a decent fare and one way is half of round-trip.
Very bad service. Frequent delayed. Very unfriendly hostesses. Definitely not worth the money but forced to fly with them because there are no other companies offering the same trajectory (BCN-TUN).
7th August LHR to Tunis airport 1 hour delay. No entertainment cabin crew were horrible no smile etc. Returned on 14th delayed August Tunis Carthage airport to LHR. Departure time was 11.50. Went to check-in told delayed to 13.00 then 14.30 then finally we flew at 15.30. While we were seated at the airport a bottle of delay water and a cheap roll was given it was tasteless. When we finally onboard there were no announcements made in English. Again cabin crew were rude and food given in the plane was rubbish. We touched down at LHR at 18.35. I will never fly with this airline again.
Venice - Tunis and Monastir - Nice. Tunisair impressed me again! They serve hot tasty meal on flights that are in the air for only 1 hour 10 minutes. Crew is only bilingual (Arabic and French) which is fun.
Mid June I flew DUS-TUN-DUS. The first flight was 1 hour delayed the cabin old and worn and not really clean. The service was absolutely okay with a warm meal (beef). The flight back was much better: delay only half an hour the cabin clean seemingly new and very well designed. The flight attendants were not overly warm but attentive and very professional. They gave a nice small breakfast which was appropriate for the 21/2 hours flight. Competitive rate. Would fly Tunisair again!
What a great airline. For a North African airline I was very pleased. Staff were very friendly the seats were very comfy and very roomy which was a surprise. Food was satisfactory however a little downside for otherwise a very pleasant flight. Flight was from Tunis to LHR. I would 100% use them again if I have another family holiday to Tunisia.
Travelled Tunisair only as the price was cheaper than other airlines. Unfortunately this showed in the service. Staff were rude when I advised that I had asked for a veg meal at time of booking they laughed at me and did not offer extra salad/fruits etc. The messages during the flight by the captain I think were in French and again made no effort to translate to English. Very poor service!
Flew LHR-TUN in Feb 2014. The flight out was delayed over 4 hours. I believe this was a combination of the British weather and Tunisair but no information was provided beyond being told at check-in the flight would be delayed by 1½ hours. Meal vouchers were provided 1 hour before boarding but by that point I'd already paid for a meal. Flight was OK but vegetarian food was inedible. Return flight was delayed by about one hour. Again no information provided. The vegetarian meal was the same as the flight out ie inedible. The price was cheap but arriving into Tunis at 02h00 was sub-optimal.
My flight to Tunis was 1 hour late leaving Heathrow and 2 hours late on the return from Tunis. This seems to be the norm for this airline. (Tunis airport is chaotic but this is not the fault of Tunis Air).
4 hours late going and 2 hours late returning. In fairness once we were flying there was nothing wrong with the seats food or service. It was just getting the planes to take off that was the problem! At both Gatwick and Enfidha there were no public announcements at all. The flight from Gatwick was delayed for over 2 hours after the information board had shown that we were boarding. Flight diverted to Tunis because of bad weather and then left in lounge again with no information. On landing at Enfidha we had to wait over an hour for our luggage to come off. On the return trip we waited at the gate4 for an hour saw one plane come in unload fill up with food and then disappear without anyone boarding. We were then moved to another gate but only after other travellers button- holed a ground crew person. Then waited after boarding had to wait for another hour while a technical check was carried out - this to a plane that had just landed!
LHR-TUNIS-LHR out 1 Oct return 11 Oct 2013. Flight delayed 1 hour both times hot meal provided on both flights even in economy. Newer A320 both ways crew pleasant no real complaints except the late departures!
ABJ to TUN in an older A320. Flight left at 1.30 am and I wasn't expecting much in terms of meal service but a drink of any kind would have been nice maybe coffee or tea before we landed since it was 7.00 am at that point. There were extra crew on board and one had a little boy who ran up and down the aisle much of the flight playing with the FA's in the galley and waking up passengers. Ground staff in ABJ and TUN very nice and helpful. I would only recommend to a seasoned traveler.
"We flew from Heathrow to Tunis as BA let us down with a schedule change so we didn't exactly choose this airline as we were left with no choice. The flight was not exactly cheap. The plane took off nearly an hour late. The passenger next to me told me they are always late. On board there is no entertainment not even in in-flight magazine! The food was poor and my partner's veggie meal didn't materialise a fact which the air hostess took great delight in confirming. He wasn't even offered a snack or an extra drink by way of an apology. My seat was broken so kept reclining even though I didn't want it to which must have been very annoying for the person behind me. Other seats seemed to be having the same issue. The cabin was dated and filthy. We landed only 15 minutes late having made up time but the luggage took an hour to take the short journey from the aircraft to the tiny terminal at Tunis. When we checked in at our hotel in Tunis and we told them we'd flown with Tunisair they told us laughing ""you shouldn't have"". Clearly this airline has an appalling reputation. Journey home was similar experience."
LHR-Tunis return flights July 2013. Outward flight from T4 delayed 1 hour - pleasant flight with a good meal and red wine (only had 1 as they ran out). On landing had to descend by stairs to awaiting coaches. Return flight left on time and meal was good although when I asked for wine the stewardess looked aghast saying they don't serve wine or beer? Leg room was very good though not enough toilets - always a queue.
FRA to TUN. Price was really cheap for biz with nice seats and a good service. They did not offer any English newspapers on the plane or in the Tunis Lounge I cannot understand. Would fly with them again.
MAN-TUN in May 2012. Plenty of leg room and the food was excellent. Staff were pleasant enough bearing in mind they have a plane full of passengers to attend to so you cant expect devoted service. Only down side I found was that there was no choice of drinks. If you wanted a beer you asked for it and were given a can. Don't know if wine or spirits were available. Would use again. It certainly made a change from the charters and price we paid was very competitive indeed. On the return flight from Enfidha we were given exit seats which allowed us to stretch our legs and the food again was excellent.
MXP-TUN MIR-FCO. Check in easy on both routes. There are crew to greet you at the door but they do not smile. Crew service good but will assume you speak Arabic. Meal on outbound flight was delicious. Meal on Rome sector was cold and disgusting but only an hour flight. Both flights on time and even early into Tunis.
LHR-TUN return to LHR. Aircraft was A320 on both legs a little old but well maintained. Cabin was tidy and the crew were smiling and responding to all demands. Pitch is ok and you are allowed to carry 20 kilos of luggage. We had a choice of 3 meals on a 2 hr 45 mins flight beer is on demand and you could take whatever you want. A good experience.
LHR-TUN return to LHR. Aircraft was A320 on both legs a little old but well maintained. Cabin was tidy and the crew were smiling and responding to all demands. Pitch is ok and you are allowed to carry 20 kilos of luggage. We had a choice of 3 meals on a 2 hr 45 mins flight beer is on demand and you could take whatever you want. A good experience.
LHR-TUN return. Both legs were on 2 of the older A320's in the fleet which are showing their age! The flight from LHR left 1 hour later than the STD however this was due to the aircraft arriving late from Tunis. Upon return the flight left 45 minutes late as there was no Ramp staff in Tunis to load the baggage and hence we had to wait for these to become available to load the baggage/cargo before we could depart. The food even by airline food quality is very poor. However the seating in economy is very impressive both in width and pitch. It must also be said that the cabin crew are extremely helpful and very polite.
I am very disappointed about my trip on Tunisair 327 Airbus 320. I booked business class and expected a comfortable seat however there was no difference between it and the economy one. Even the package they are offering for socks ear plugs and eye masks is very cheap and doesn't reflect business class. I paid a large amount and expected a professional service.
LHR-TUN return. Travelled as a family of 4. Very friendly cabin crew A319 with at-seat PTV on both flights. Food was great as well and I would be happy to fly with them again in the future.
DUS-DJE-DUS Tunisair Economy Charter crew varied from friendly to neutral. Planes a bit worn. Food better than German airlines flying into Tunisia.
FRA-TUN-FRA Pretty worn cabin and cramped seating. Food okay. Staff a bit nonchalant and not too serious about their position as hosts. But on time and relatively good value for money.
TUN-CAI in Business Class. Check-in quick and efficient. Lounge in Tunis staffed by surly bar attendant. Boarding orderly. Excellent cabin crew in business class. Seats were normal Y class seats with extra legroom and the middle seat blocked as a table and was comfortable for a 3 hour flight. Excellent meal was served accompanied by high quality wine and champagne. All in all a very satisfactory experience.
ATH-TUN-ATH A319 the aircraft configure with all economy class. Check in on both directions fine. The cabin was fine and aircraft seem to be in shape. We had a hot meal with a choice of drinks. The service was very good and crew was fine for a short flight. Our return flight to Athens we had a good breakfast. Overall I was satisfied.
Gatwick to Djerba via Monastir. The outbound flight was four hours late leaving with no explanation. The plane was fairly old and tatty but clean and plenty of leg room. The cabin staff were friendly and courteous. The food served was by far the most revolting meal I have ever had. For some reason the plane went straight to Djerba rather than stopping first at Monastir which was great for us and the other 8 passengers going ot Djerba but not so good for the majority of people who were expecting the first stop to be Monastir! There was no explanation for this. The return flight was on time and on a much newer plane again with lovely cabin staff. To our horror the same meal was served as on the outbound journey.
Lisbon-Tunis-Lisbon : my flights with Tunisair were awful. The planes were very dated A300-600 plane was dirty including our seats toilets were smelly too. Food was reasonable but most of my family didn't like it. Cabin staff not friendly at all. Unfortunately I thought it was better to fly Tunisair rather than a charter company - now I truly regret my choice.
Frankfurt - Tunis return. Very friendly staff speak 3 languages. They took care for my son and offered him some gifts. Very good Tunisian meal - café tea juice soft drinks beer etc in addition to newspapers for free.
Old A320 not the cleanest one small seating space. Poor customer service hotline and finally their website is almost useless. I couldn't pay for the trip online so I had to call the customer service and I wish I didn't - they hang up on me many times the operators are not polite. Crew is fine nothing exceptional. In a nutshell I don't recommend it.
LHR-TUN economy. Very fast check in no queues - probably hit Heathrow at quiet period. Flights on time with clean modern aircraft. A319/320 comfortable seating with adequate leg room. Tasty hot meal both directions with complimentary beer/wine. Crew friendly and could not fault any aspect of the flight.
London-Tunis return on new A318 aircraft. Seating good hot meals both ways cabin crew friendly - overall pleasant experience. Tuesday flights are preferable to weekend ones and are cheaper too!
TUN-FRA on a 737-600. Very good experience. Although the flight time was relatively short Tunisair served a hot meal and complimentary wine. Altogether much better service than for example German carriers offer on similar routes. Best of all: the flight was considerably cheaper.
VIE-TUN. Boeing 737-600 looked tired but inflight service excellent for a 2 hour flight. Flight attendants friendly. It is a shame that Tunisair does not keep its planes tidy and clean.
LHR-TUN. Return flights both excellent. Aircraft up to date and very clean. Food and drinks of high quality and cabin crew were excellent.
LHR-TUN-LHR. I fly to Tunisia 2 or 3 times a year and don't see anything wrong with Tunisair. The aircraft (A320 both ways) was spotless staff extremely pleasant and the food (both ways) was lovely - at least they serve proper meals which is more than GB Airways have done for years! We even had a choice of meals. Both flights were punctual and arrived early into Tunis Carthage airport. My only gripe is that the fares can be a bit pricey sometimes but if they're not the cheapest I use another carrier!
MXP-DJE return. Airbus 320 were pretty old. The seat pitch was OK. The staff was efficient and friendly. Lunch wasn't very good - breakfast was good. Both flights were on time.
Have travelled on TU about 4 times from London to Tunis generally on time and operated by A320 aircraft. The legroom is ok for a 3 hour flight but food is poor. Cabin crew are ok but dont seem to smile much or show any real interest. The majority of there A320's are getting on a bit as this shows by the minor defects like seats and food trays. If you travel at the right time you can get some great fares on Tunis Air but at peak times like Christmas New Year and other religous festivals it is very expensive for what it is.
BCN-TUN-BCN on Economy. Flight was punctual on both legs. The plane was a relatively old Airbus 320. Cabin announcements in Spanish Arabic and French. A full meal was served in the outbound flight and a breakfast on the return flight which were very tasty. Staff didn't seem to be very motivated but were efficient in all cases.
GVA-TUN-GVA. Tunisair has a virtual monopoly on this route and it shows. There was nothing wrong with the flight - everything was on time but the personnel on board showed no enthusiasm whatsoever for what they were doing. As an example the pre-flight briefings were delivered in such an indifferent manner (in Arabic and French) that absolutely no-one could be bothered paying attention. Legroom is very minimal just about OK for a 1 1/2 hour flight but not for longer (plane was an A320). Plane is a little tatty inside with no effort to repair minor deficiencies.
Lisbon-Tunis-Lisbon. Good plane comfortable seats food okay cabin crew not very smiley but do the job. Outbound with delay of 3h30m with no explanation neither in the airport nor onboard. We were forced to wait next to the boarding gate but we were served a sandwich and drink of our choice. The flight was okay a new and clean Airbus onboard crew okay. Overall classification - acceptable.
LHR-TUN return. Outbound experience was a complete nightmare. Terminal 2 at LHR is a joke. Arrived at check-in 2hrs 20 mins before departure and queued for 1hr 15mins to be served. TU are handled by Air France who handle other airlines in T2. Only 2 check-in desks were open for the bank holiday weekend/half term week. When we did manage to check-in my party of 6 were split up although I had pre-assigned seats on the TU website when I made the reservation in January this year. Called TU reservations in London 2 days before to reconfirm my assigned seats. Flight was delayed 1 hour due to the late arrival of the aircraft from Tunis. TV departure screens displayed boarding so all passengers went to the gate on time and were then told about the delay and could not leave the gate area. The actual flight was very uneventful. Staff were rude and seemed extremely stressed. One stewardess actually pushed a child out the way who was in the aisle. My nephew had a child meal. The tray arrived with a NLML sticker on it (which is actually a Non Lacto Meal). Regular meal was pretty bad on a tiny tray. I opted for the chicken hot which was bland and for some reason was coated in egg/omelette style coating!? Asked for a cup of tea at the appropriate time and got coffee. Stewardess realised mistake shrugged shoulders and walked off. Never got the tea! Had a quarter bottle of local white wine with the meal but it was off and tasted like vinegar (didn't bother asking for another one). Return flight was more successful. Managed to get Business Class seats for us although we were separated but this didn't matter. Flight was an all economy service although there was a business class section. Seat was comfortable but not sure I'd pay for it. Last minute gate change at Tunis without any announcements. Boarding was a bit chaotic with families first then supposedly rear seats followed by forward seats. Could not believe the meal! Was expecting a hot meal on a tray but was given a plastic packed Tuna sandwich (no choice)... No tray either so no napkin no cake/salad not even a cup for tea/coffee. GB Airways last year were much better - just a shame they don't fly out from LHR! Anything good to say about TU?? Book in advance and you could get a really good fare. I paid £105 rtn including tax
"TU is the bargain carrier between BEY and DXP and it shows. Outbound ex BEY on TU833 on 28 March '06 Y class. My comments mirror Peter's comments from '04 posted below. Flight arrived on time ex Tunis well- handeled on the ground by MEA boarded ontime and arrived in DXB early. Bags arrived. Good. However onboard you realize why it's cheap. The Airbus was dirty seats were broken toilets in disrepair and untidy. No sevice whatsoever for the frist hr of light. Then a dinner service (at 4:30am DXB time!?). Same comments as Peter except that there was no choice of unappetizing tough meat dishes!). At one point I was standing in the aisle and a female fllight attendant approached me from the rear and shoved me into my seat. No ""excuzez moi"" or anything! (A first for me in over 25 years of international travel) I yelled at her in Arabic and all I got was a Gaullic shrug in response. the lights were kept on full force until they finished Duty Free sales. In-flight entertainment was watching the progression on the little o/h monitors. At least it induced sleep! Smiles not returned by the flight crew. Return flight TU834 on 2 April '06 was better - slightly. Poor check- in procedures by local agent kept many of us waiting endlessly while they dealt with a costomer who seemed not to want to pay for his many extra bags. Thus no time DXB duty free shopping despite being at the check-in 2hrs early. . Better plane this time friendlier crew - but not by much. Better food but no doubt catered in DXB. Don't waste your money on C class. Seats can't be any wider than Y class and in Y class the armrests fold up so you can get some extra hip and elbow room and even stretch out if you are in an empty row. BTW still no English newspapers and only a few flight crew even attempt to speak it. The flight announcements seemed to be learned by rote and not really understood. Anyway its cheap."
